Industrial Design winners, FIRST Leadership Award Semi-Finalist and 3rd Place Overall\!\!\!

# Space City \#2 Recap

- The bus with the students go to SC\#2 on time but the robot didn’t get there until 8 pm due to waiting on Amazon to deliver our CNC bit to cut parts for the robot. We needed the parts as we had broken our intake plates while practicing at home and needed spares for the event. We still managed to get inspected in record time before Day 1\.

# SC\#2 Day 1

- We didn’t get any practice matches due to fixing the intake but we managed to calibrate our cameras this time, even though it didn’t really matter as our auto aim never worked at all during the event. 

- This event was tougher as a lot of good teams were there. There weren't many sub 100 match scores at all. We started off setting the event high score (which is always set in the first match) in the very first match of the day. That was later broken around 5-6 matches later. For some reason (which we figured out later), we couldn’t shoot in auto so we would run our auto routine and then not shoot. This caused us to lose auto a lot more than we should but our shooting was very solid. We made changes to the kicker and twindexer motor by changing the gear ratio from 5:1 to 4:1 to increase the rate of fire. Our other upgrades of flipping the shooter around and adding a second motor to the intake helped us also score a lot more as well. 

- We had some random gyro issues throughout the event which we still haven’t found out why that happened. In our 17 matches, the gyro didn’t work for 2 of them, which isn’t a lot but it is still very annoying to deal with.

# SC\#2 Day 2

- Day 2 started off strong again with us winning our first 3 matches and getting 4 RPs in each of them. We had a chance at getting the 2 seed but losing the last match dropped us to the 4 seed. Our auto finally started shooting in our second match. The programming team had fixed it but hadn’t updated all the auto routines we have with the fix and we didn’t run the one they fixed before the first match. With everything finally working (except auto aim), we were ready for the playoffs where we asked our good friend Steel Talons and TSA All-Stars to join our alliance.

- In the playoffs, things ran pretty smoothly in the first match. We all had some battery issues but the 5 seed alliance had more issues than us so we came away with a win. In our next match, we had to face the 1 seed and that match was super tough and unfortunately we came away with a loss. We also got one of our limelight mounts broken during that match from the defense that was being played. We had an extra but the swap took very long to where we almost missed the match. Luckily there was a ref review that was taking a long time that bought us some extra time. Even though that was our highest scoring match, that was also a wild one for us as the gyro disconnected again and our driver had to drive the robot in robot centric mode. Somehow that was our best performance as we moved on to face the 2 seed. This was a tough match for us but we came away with the win. We unfortunately lost to the 3 seed in match 13 and that was where our run ended. Our partners were awesome and this just added to an already awesome year for us\!

- We finished the event winning our first ever Industrial Design award for our Twindexer design. We also had our first ever FIRST Leadership Award Semi-finalists as well. It was very exciting for us to win these awards.

# Breaks

- We didn’t have many breaks this time as most of our issues were just programming. The few breaks we had, one we had a replacement for and the other, we did have to come up with a quick solution on the spot for. 

1. Kicker Bar Plate Broke \- The plate broke after around 6 matches on Friday. This was the one piece we did not make extras for so we ran the rest of Friday without it. We thought we might be able to make it through with a 3D printed replacement so we printed a few overnight. The first set broke around 30 seconds into the first match. After that, we decided to get some plates cut out for us and have them ready for the playoffs. Once we got those after lunch, the replacement plate didn’t break again. **Fix: Cut spares and removed the pockets that were the failure point.**  
2. Limelight Mount Broke \- Our limelight mount over our swerve module broke in match 7 of the playoffs under some rough defense. We had a replacement ready to go to swap it before the next playoff match, it just took a little longer than expected to swap. **Fix: Replaced the part with a new one.**

Monday we will do our usual event recap to go over how we felt the event went and what we learned from it. State championship is a quick turn around for us this time so we won’t have as much time as we want to make changes. We finished ranked 16th in the state with 108 district points. We think we have a good shot at qualifying for the world championships this year but we still need to have a strong performance at states to obtain an invite.

